Add article for "osu! at UCSD" and upcoming LAN tournament (#7279)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/osu!_at_UCSD/TGEX_2022/en.md

---
tags:
  - LAN
  - osu! at UCSD
  - osu! UCSD
  - San Diego
  - TGEX
  - TGEX2022
  - UCSD
---

# Triton Gaming Expo 2022

> ![Triton Gaming Expo 2022 announcement banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/228229738181820417/971166619948699678/TGEX.png)

Author: this is a temporary image just to have something, when I have a good one later I'll add that to wiki files

> ![Triton Gaming Expo 2022 announcement banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/228229738181820417/971166619948699678/TGEX.png)

Reviewer: it's not about being temporary, it's about hotlinking an external image

> ![Triton Gaming Expo 2022 announcement banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/228229738181820417/971166619948699678/TGEX.png)

Reviewer: the image is also over 1 mb, so it'll fail to load

> ![Triton Gaming Expo 2022 announcement banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/228229738181820417/971166619948699678/TGEX.png)

Author: they're all cached regardless and the 1mb thing is for github, not osu

> [osu! at UCSD](/wiki/Community/Organisations/osu!_at_UCSD) is hosting an osu! LAN tournament at **Triton Gaming Expo 2022** (***TGEX 2022***) in collaboration with [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming "Triton Gaming Discord server"). Attendance and tournament participation is open to everybody. The exact schedule and details for the tournament have not been released yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Triton Gaming Expo 2022** (***TGEX 2022***) is an osu! LAN tournament hosted by [osu! at UCSD](/wiki/Community/Organisations/osu!_at_UCSD) in collaboration with [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming). Attendance and tournament participation is open to everybody. The exact schedule and details for the tournament have not been released yet.
```

Author: the lan doesnt have any real title, it's just a thing they're doing at tgex

Reviewer: then why is the article called TGEX 2022 🤔 

maybe "TGEX 2022 osu! LAN tournament"?

Author: feels natural to me to call these types of events by their parents' names, e.g. Zotcade at UCI. if it matters to make it more precise u can change it tho.

Reviewer: well, probably ok for now

## TGEX details

> TGEX will take place on Sunday, May 29th at [Price Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_Center "\"Price Center\" on Wikipedia") Ballroom West (rooms 215 and 216) at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). There is no entry fee. The event is expected to run from 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Author: this is only rly relevant to people in the area so i think local format is ok. it's how ive done other lan event too

> TGEX will take place on Sunday, May 29th at [Price Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_Center "\"Price Center\" on Wikipedia") Ballroom West (rooms 215 and 216) at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). There is no entry fee. The event is expected to run from 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Reviewer: no >:(

> TGEX will take place on Sunday, May 29th at [Price Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_Center "\"Price Center\" on Wikipedia") Ballroom West (rooms 215 and 216) at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). There is no entry fee. The event is expected to run from 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Reviewer: do add timezone though (`UTC+x`)

---
tags:
  - LAN
  - osu! at UCSD
  - osu! UCSD
  - San Diego
  - TGEX
  - TGEX2022
  - UCSD
---

# Triton Gaming Expo 2022

![Triton Gaming Expo 2022 announcement banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/228229738181820417/971166619948699678/TGEX.png)

[osu! at UCSD](/wiki/Community/Organisations/osu!_at_UCSD) is hosting an osu! LAN tournament at **Triton Gaming Expo 2022** (***TGEX 2022***) in collaboration with *Triton Gaming*. Attendance and tournament participation is open to everybody. The exact schedule and details for the tournament have not been released yet.

## TGEX details

> TGEX will take place on Sunday, May 29th at [Price Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_Center) at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). The event is expected to run from 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m (UTC-7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TGEX will take place on Sunday, May 29th at [Price Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_Center) at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). The event is expected to run from 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. (UTC-7).
```
